docs(lane_change): add description for lane expansion (#6251)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: planning/behavior_path_lane_change_module/README.md

The following parameters are configurable in `behavior_path_planner.param.yaml` and `lane_change.param.yaml`.

#### common

| Name                                       | Unit | Type   | Description                                                                                                    | Default value |
| :----------------------------------------- | ---- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `safety_check.lane_expansion.left_offset`  | [m]  | double | When it detects objects for safety check, it will expand corresponding lane with this left offset.             | 0.0           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `safety_check.lane_expansion.left_offset`  | [m]  | double | Expand the left boundary of the detection area, allowing objects previously outside on the left to be detected and registered as targets.             | 0.0           |
```

> | `safety_check.lane_expansion.right_offset` | [m]  | double | When it detects objects for safety check, it will expand corresponding lane with this right offset.confidence. | 0.0           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `safety_check.lane_expansion.right_offset` | [m]  | double | Expand the right boundary of the detection area, allowing objects previously outside on the right to be detected and registered as targets. | 0.0           |
```
